Zhou Xiu is courting death
The person who is really courting death is your Xue Shan family
What are we talking about with this bastard?
It can be executed directly
Yes, yes, but you can't stay with a bastard like this
Zhou Xiu
God General Xu, Zhou Xiao is indeed wrong
But not to death
Please let him go
Bai Qianzi
You still haven't figured it out.
It wasn't me who wanted to kill him
But the lord
This kid helps the temple
Pretend to be the king side by side
He committed the death penalty of the Nine Pig Clans
I gave him a chance
But he doesn't know how to cherish
Since he wants to die
Then I will fulfill him
Bai Qianzi, how long are you still blocking?
This kid pretended to be side by side with the past
You mix with him
Do you want our Bai family to be buried with him?
Bitch, the century-old memory of our Bai family
If it comes back to you
How should you explain to your ancestors?
Once you wake up
Knowing that being blind is ruined
Do you think he will still be alive?
Fairy, don't worry.
I will not let Baijia Centennial Enterprise
Destroyed by your hands
I promise you.